DOC Container
--------------
Docker images contain executable application source code as well as all the tools, libraries, and dependencies that the application code needs to run as a container. When you run the Docker image, it becomes one instance (or multiple instances) of the container.

It’s possible to build a Docker image from scratch, but most developers pull them down from common repositories. 
Each time a container is created from a Docker image, yet another new layer called the container layer is created.

while docker files are read only files, containers or life ephemeral(Short time) executable content.
users can interact with them and admin can adjest their settings and conditions using docker commands.

Docker file - (Discription)
Docker Image - (Configs)
Docker Container  - its an live running Instance


Docker Hub
----------
	It is the public repository of docker image that calls it self worlds largest live community for container images.
	All docker hub users can share their images and also download predefined base images from the docker file systems to use as a starting point for any containerrized project.


Docker Registry
---------------
	It is a scallable open source storage and distribution system for docker images.
	The registry enables u to track image versions in repositories using tagging for identification.


Docker Hub VS Docker Registry
-----------------------------
Docker Registry are used to host and distribute docker images.

Docker Hub is dockers official dockers registry.


Docker Daemon
-------------

	Its a service that creates and manages Docker images using the commands from the client.
	Essentially Docker daemon serves as the controll center of in docker implementation.
	The server on which Docker daemon run is called the Docker HOST.


CI/CD - Continious Integration and Continious Delivery
-----------------------------------------------------

Continious Integration
-----------------------

Definition - A CI/CD pipeline is defined as a series of interconnected steps that include stages from Code commit, Testing, staging, DeploymentTesting, and finnaly deployment into the production service.

CI - plan, code, build.
CD - release, Deploy, Operate, Monitor.


CI - is the process where code updates and changes are collected a developer or group of developer and merge with the original source branch.
this merger of the code of continous is called continious integration.


1) CI code commit
	People 	- Developers and engineers database Admins and infrastructure team.
	Technology	- GitHub, GitLab, SVM, Bit Bucket.
	Process 	- Code, Commit, Static testis.

2) CI Build
	People 	- Developers and engineers
	Technology 	- jenkinns, BamBoo CI, Circle CI, Travis CI, Maven, Asure DevOps.
	Process 	- Build, Verification Test, Artifact Storage.

3) CI Test Stages

	People	- Testers, QA engineers.
	Technology	- Selinium, Apium, JMeter, SOAP UI, Trantula.
	Process	- Intergration Testist, Load and stress Testing.

Continious Delivery
-------------------

	It is a DevOps methodology that enables development teams to deploy changes such as configs bug fixes and experiments into production safely and quickly in a sustainable manner.
	The Continious Delivery Process requirs a collabrative ideas from different stack holders in a software delivery process such as developer operations and testing teams.

	it simplifies Manual Scripting and enabling real time monitoring.

CD Bake and Deploy

	People 	- Infrastructure engineer, Site Reliablity engineer, Oprations engineers.
	Technology 	- Spinnecur, Orgo CD, Tecton CD, auto piolet.
	Process 	- Bake Deploy, Verification, Monitoring.

CD Monitoring

	People	- SRE, Ops Team.
	Technology	- Naggious, Zabbixs, promethious, Elastic search, Splunk, app Dinamics, Tivoli.
	Process	- Latency of releases, CPU utilization.

CD - Continious Deployment

	People	- SRE, Ops, maintanace Team
	Technology	- Zeera, Service now, Slack, email, hipchat.
	Process	- feedback collabration.









